Response as dict: {'title': 'ZnO nanorods on reduced graphene sheets with excellent field emission, gas sensor and photocatalytic properties', 'authors': 'Rujia Zou, Guanjie He, Kaibing Xu, Qian Liu, Zhenyu Zhang, Junqing Hu', 'materials': 'ZnO, reduced graphene sheets (rGss), graphite oxide sheets, ethanol, SiO2/Si substrate, C4H6O4Zn·2H2O, Zn(NO3)2·6H2O, hexamethylenetetramine, de-ionized water, terpineol, alumina tube-like substrate, Au electrodes, Ni-Cr alloy coil, methylene blue (MB)', 'methods': 'The authors used a hydrothermal route to grow ZnO nanorod arrays on reduced graphene sheets (rGss). The rGss were prepared by dispersing graphite oxide sheets in ethanol and spin-coating them on a SiO2/Si substrate, followed by thermal reduction. ZnO nanocrystals were then seeded on the rGss using a solution of C4H6O4Zn·2H2O in ethanol. The ZnO nanorods were grown on both sides of the rGss by hydrothermal processing at 100°C for 8 hours. The diameter and density of the ZnO nanorods were controlled by varying the concentration of the seed solution. The samples were characterized using field-emission scanning electron microscopy (SEM), transmission electron microscopy (TEM), X-ray powder diffraction (XRD), and UV-visible absorption spectroscopy. The field emission properties of the ZnO/G heterostructures were studied using a high vacuum chamber, and the gas sensing properties were measured using an HW-30A measuring system. The photocatalytic properties of the ZnO/G heterostructures were evaluated by measuring the degradation of methylene blue under UV irradiation.', 'motivation': 'The 
authors are trying to develop a simple and effective method to grow large-scale ZnO nanorod arrays on reduced graphene sheets (rGss) for various applications such as field emission, gas sensing, and photocatalysis.', 'future': 'The authors mention that the ZnO/G/ZnO heterostructures have potential for further applications in water treatment. They also suggest that the ZnO/G/ZnO heterostructures could be used for designing and synthesizing multifunctional nanocomposite materials.'}
Title =  ZnO nanorods on reduced graphene sheets with excellent field emission, gas sensor and photocatalytic properties
Authors =  Rujia Zou, Guanjie He, Kaibing Xu, Qian Liu, Zhenyu Zhang, Junqing Hu
Motivation =  The authors are trying to develop a simple and effective method to grow large-scale ZnO nanorod arrays on reduced graphene sheets (rGss) for various applications such as field emission, gas sensing, and photocatalysis.
Methods =  The authors used a hydrothermal route to grow ZnO nanorod arrays on reduced graphene sheets (rGss). The rGss were prepared by dispersing graphite oxide sheets in ethanol and spin-coating them on a SiO2/Si substrate, followed by thermal reduction. ZnO nanocrystals were then seeded on the rGss using a solution of C4H6O4Zn·2H2O in ethanol. The ZnO nanorods were grown on both sides of the rGss by hydrothermal processing at 100°C for 8 hours. The diameter and density of the ZnO nanorods were controlled by varying the concentration of the seed solution. The samples were characterized using field-emission scanning electron microscopy (SEM), transmission electron microscopy (TEM), X-ray powder diffraction (XRD), and UV-visible absorption spectroscopy. The field emission properties of the ZnO/G heterostructures were studied using a high vacuum chamber, and the gas sensing properties were measured using an HW-30A measuring system. The photocatalytic properties of the ZnO/G heterostructures were evaluated by measuring the degradation of methylene blue under UV irradiation.
Materials =  ZnO, reduced graphene sheets (rGss), graphite oxide sheets, ethanol, SiO2/Si substrate, C4H6O4Zn·2H2O, Zn(NO3)2·6H2O, hexamethylenetetramine, de-ionized water, terpineol, alumina tube-like substrate, Au electrodes, Ni-Cr alloy coil, methylene blue (MB)
Future =  The authors mention that the ZnO/G/ZnO heterostructures have potential for further applications in water treatment. They also suggest that the ZnO/G/ZnO heterostructures could be used for designing and synthesizing multifunctional nanocomposite materials.
